Update: add FedRAMP issue #395 (#411)
redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide: supplementary_style_guide/glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/f.adoc

*See also*:

//Add FedRAMP terminology Issue #395
[[fedramp]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] FedRAMP® (noun)

> *Description*: The Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP®) is managed by the FedRAMP Program Management Office. Use the ® symbol at first usage in a document. For additional information, see the link:https://www.fedramp.gov/assets/resources/documents/FedRAMP_Branding_Guidance.pdf[FedRAMP Brand Guide].

Author: The original content is directly from the FedRAMP brand guidelines. I prefer to use the exact source language in this instance.

> *Description*: The Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP®) is managed by the FedRAMP Program Management Office. Use the ® symbol at first usage in a document. For additional information, see the link:https://www.fedramp.gov/assets/resources/documents/FedRAMP_Branding_Guidance.pdf[FedRAMP Brand Guide].

Reviewer: @spank50 A handy tip is to put each sentence on a new line, then it is very obvious which sentence a reviewer is referring to when they add a comment. :) 

```suggestion
*Description*: The Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP) is managed by the FedRAMP Program Management Office. For additional information, see the link:https://www.fedramp.gov/assets/resources/documents/FedRAMP_Branding_Guidance.pdf[FedRAMP Brand Guide].
```
Check with Red Hat Legal re. whether we must use the registered trademark symbol (®) with FedRAMP in RH docs, or is it covered by the generic trademark statement?

Author: The FedRAMP brand guide requires (R) symbol at first significant use in text.
I will confirm with Legal team that the US Gov't requirement for (R) is valid.

Reviewer 2: @spank50 Any update on this?

Author: Sentence line breaks added per suggestion from bredamc.
We'll follow the Federal guidelines for (R) usage at first major use in text (not required in title or section heads).
I think we're good to go.

> *Description*: The Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP®) is managed by the FedRAMP Program Management Office. Use the ® symbol at first usage in a document. For additional information, see the link:https://www.fedramp.gov/assets/resources/documents/FedRAMP_Branding_Guidance.pdf[FedRAMP Brand Guide].

Reviewer 3: How about "registration symbol (R)" as on page 1 (PDF page 4) of https://www.fedramp.gov/assets/resources/documents/FedRAMP_Branding_Guidance.pdf?
It's not really an "icon" is it?

> *Description*: The Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP®) is managed by the FedRAMP Program Management Office. Use the ® symbol at first usage in a document. For additional information, see the link:https://www.fedramp.gov/assets/resources/documents/FedRAMP_Branding_Guidance.pdf[FedRAMP Brand Guide].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*Description*: The Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP®) is managed by the FedRAMP Program Management Office. Use the registration symbol (®) at first usage in a document. For additional information, see the link:https://www.fedramp.gov/assets/resources/documents/FedRAMP_Branding_Guidance.pdf[FedRAMP Brand Guide].
```

Reviewer: @sbmetz I'd say "on first usage" instead of "at first usage" but other than that, LGTM :)

Reviewer 4: @sbmetz @bredamc - there is actually a PR [1] by @rolfedh that is standardizing to "on first use", so I'd suggest going with that

[1] https://github.com/redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide/pull/439

> *Description*: The Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP®) is managed by the FedRAMP Program Management Office. Use the ® symbol at first usage in a document. For additional information, see the link:https://www.fedramp.gov/assets/resources/documents/FedRAMP_Branding_Guidance.pdf[FedRAMP Brand Guide].

Author: Yes - FedRAMP branding guidelines say "the registration symbol (®) must be used with the FedRAMP name."
Symbol, not icon.

*See also*:

> //Add FedRAMP terminology Issue #395

Reviewer 5: Do we want to embed metadata like this? I don't see in in other cases.

Reviewer 6: I agree with @rolfedh that maybe it's better not to add code comments that duplicate what's in the Git blame.

Reviewer: @spank50 I think the only remaining change needed is to remove the comment in line 85. Can you please make this change and we'll try to get this PR approved? Many thanks :)

Author: I think the //Add FedRAMP... comment is removed.

[[fedramp]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] FedRAMP® (noun)

> *Description*: The _Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP®)_ is managed by the FedRAMP Program Management Office. Add the registration symbol (®) on first use in a document. For more information, see the link:https://www.fedramp.gov/assets/resources/documents/FedRAMP_Branding_Guidance.pdf[FedRAMP Brand Guide].

Reviewer 5: How about:
```suggestion
*Description*: The _Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP®)_ is managed by the FedRAMP Program Management Office. Write "FedRAMP®" with the registered trademark symbol on first use. For more information, see the link:https://www.fedramp.gov/assets/resources/documents/FedRAMP_Branding_Guidance.pdf[FedRAMP Brand Guide].
```

Author: To me, the instruction 'Write "FedRAMP®" with the registered trademark symbol' is confusing. The quotes are not part of how FedRAMP® is used. Let's stick to language that is close to what the FedRAMP branding guidelines say, use the registration symbol with the first instance of the FedRAMP name.

Reviewer 5: Hi @spank50, thank you for your feedback. I understand the confusion around the instructions for writing "FedRAMP®" with the registered trademark symbol. The intent, guided by [our contribution guidelines](https://github.com/redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide/blob/main/GUIDELINES.adoc), is to clarify the exact presentation of terms by using double quotation marks, as shown here:

```
Use double quotation marks ("") when emphasizing how to write a term. The following examples demonstrate the use of this guideline:
- Hyphenate "look-up" when using it as a modifier.
- Spell out "comma-separated values" on first use; use "CSV" thereafter.
```

Reviewer 5: Feel free to adapt or ignore the suggestion as you see fit.

> *Description*: The _Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP®)_ is managed by the FedRAMP Program Management Office. Add the registration symbol (®) on first use in a document. For more information, see the link:https://www.fedramp.gov/assets/resources/documents/FedRAMP_Branding_Guidance.pdf[FedRAMP Brand Guide].

Reviewer 6: I can't find guidance anywhere on this, but should we be avoiding the actual TM and R symbols in the Asciidoc code and using (TM) and (R) instead?

Reviewer 7: Hi @bburt-rh . I added guidance to the[ OpenShift guidance doc](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#third-party-vendor-product-names). Will this help here? From experience with pltform rendering, using (R) proved the safest option.

Reviewer 6: Thanks, @dfitzmau. I also found a[ section in the IBM Style guide](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-highlighting#contents) where they say to "Always use the semantic tagging of your authoring tool to produce the correct output." So I think this PR needs to remove the symbols from the code.

Author: IBM style guide says w/r/t its own (R) and (TM): "The first reference to an IBM product name in each topic or book must be preceded by "IBM" and must include the designated trademark symbols ® or ™ as appropriate. "

Also,https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=punctuation-symbols#registered_trademark_symbol

Reviewer: We already have many other occurrences of the ® symbol in the SSG, so I think the current formatting is fine. If we want to change it, we should change all occurrences in a new PR.

> *Description*: The _Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP®)_ is managed by the FedRAMP Program Management Office. Use the registration symbol (®) on first usage in a document. For more information, see the link:https://www.fedramp.gov/assets/resources/documents/FedRAMP_Branding_Guidance.pdf[FedRAMP Brand Guide].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*Description*: The _Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP®)_ is managed by the FedRAMP Program Management Office. Add the registration symbol (®) on first use in a document. For more information, see the link:https://www.fedramp.gov/assets/resources/documents/FedRAMP_Branding_Guidance.pdf[FedRAMP Brand Guide].
```

> *Description*: The Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP®) is managed by the FedRAMP Program Management Office. Use the registration symbol (®) on first usage in a document. For additional information, see the link:https://www.fedramp.gov/assets/resources/documents/FedRAMP_Branding_Guidance.pdf[FedRAMP Brand Guide].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*Description*: The _Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP®)_ is managed by the FedRAMP Program Management Office. Use the registration symbol (®) on first usage in a document. For more information, see the link:https://www.fedramp.gov/assets/resources/documents/FedRAMP_Branding_Guidance.pdf[FedRAMP Brand Guide].
```
